what you said you're sick and tired but
what was your symptoms what disease
diseases or diseases did you have back
then clinical teams main mind Crohn's
disease a lot of asthma breathing issues
insomnia depression I thought I lost in
you like medically I'm gonna talk about
senior right oh just a lot those basic
things I'm not saying this to gloat
another man's misfortune but I received
a piece of information today from a
medical student named Edwin someone who
was in school to eventually become a
doctor who pointed out the fact that has
been hidden in plain sight that
durianrider has a very serious medical
condition called Crohn's colitis also
know just as Crohn's disease I was
completely unaware of that fact and as
soon as this medical student pointed it
out to me suddenly so many things click
so many little pieces fit together why
this man would preach a diet based
around bananas bananas have a special
role for people who suffer with Crohn's
colitis why he would have a sort of
persecuted feeling in dealing with the
medical establishment I have known one
person with Crohn's colitis but that
that's typical and it's because in this
generation they often cope with you know
conflicting and contradictory and
ineffective treatments being offered by
doctors because the disease has not been
well understood and within the last
twenty years different attempts at
treatment have failed but it is
basically a chronic incurable disease
with many ineffective treatments
also tragically you know when Crohn's
colitis flares up when it's in a really
bad state the the main form of treatment
is a steroid treatment not an anabolic
steroid but again this suddenly clicks
with so many aspects of during riders
online persona his advice his act his
obsessions I feel bad for the guy
III didn't know I didn't know this and
it suddenly makes all these other things
fit together but most fundamentally one
of the symptoms of Crohn's colitis that
never goes away doesn't matter if you
clean you've been cured by faith healing
by some miracle by praying to God's
ancient or modern Crohn's colitis one of
the symptoms is malabsorption of
nutrients your digestion does not work
the way a normal person's digestion
works because you've got Crohn's disease
and that is why typically if you've met
several people the condition people's
Crohn's disease even if they eat meat
even if they've done healthy diet they
are stereotypically very slender and
even somewhat frail looking they often
struggle to get enough nutrients so
suddenly all of the obsessive ranting
about eating and him his needing to eat
vastly more calories than a normal
person in order to feel energetic well
of course of course that's true if you
have caused disease but you should not
be giving diet advice to normal people
based on your needs as someone with a
chronic diagnosed health condition it's
not even a non diagnosed ill condition
so suddenly I mean all these things he
does have you know bananas and adding a
ton of sugar and saying that if he
doesn't eat that he'll feel lethargic
and so on anyway look I feel bad even in
saying it but in terms of the origins
and motivations for why this diet
developed in the way it did suddenly
have a reason for a man to want to
substitute bananas for most of the other
sources of nutrients in his diet
suddenly an explanation for why someone
would be so skinny and yet you know
packing in the carbs obsessively trying
to eat far more than regular people in
terms of carbohydrates and other
nutrients the people with Crohn's
disease chronically can't absorb the
obsessions about steroids above medical
treatments about doctors giving you
pills and things that don't work and his
clinging to the delusion that he's
healed this condition that he's cured
himself through his diet underneath all
the bragging all the bragging oshio you
know suddenly durian white his whole act
seems in a word pathetic boy but this is
just another reason why someone with no
medical expertise should not be putting
themselves in the position of a diet
guru that's why you should not simply
take yourself as an example for others
to imitate and emulate in the past have
said the reason why his diet doesn't
work for others is because other people
have a desk job they don't burn nearly
so many calories they're not riding a
bike in the tropics etc etc those role
fair and reasonable observations on my
part but Wow the asymmetry becomes even
more extreme if you're talking about a
long-distance athlete living in the
tropics etc etc who is also suffering
from a chronic disease like Crohn's
colitis that among its myriad symptoms
includes poor absorption of nutrients
Wow